This repo is intended to serve as the Wordpress replacement on
[blog.xzion.net](http://blog.xzion.net/). Wordpress was simply too
many features, and I felt the bloat was unnacceptable, as was the
problematic-at-best security of PHP.

I decided to roll my own blog using Sinatra, since that has
effectively supplanted "Hello, World" as the go-to programming for
dummies starter project, which means I should be able to get it up
and running in no time.

Meanwhile, I am adding in a feature to have "separate" blogs, so
that I can post about music in one, write angsty poetry in another,
and drop some PostgreSQL/Ruby/Perl/etc thoughts on another, and
never shall they meet in a single stream (except RSS, I suppose),
but they will still be managed in one application and one database.
This simplifies managing multiple blogs, which makes me feel much
better about posting thoughts. To be quite honest, writing a sad
story in between posts about triggers in MySQL vs. PostgreSQL is a
surefire way to lose readership, in my opinion.

Anyway, I have not yet picked a license, but you can almost be sure
that it will wind up being the MIT (or similar) license. It is just
the most simple one. This might actually even be something I blog
about, once I have it all set up. Long story short (too late), if
you really think the design is snazzy, you can feel free to use it
on your own blog. If you could link back to me, though, I would
really appreciate it.
